h1. Spatula

Spatula is a command line helper app for use with
"Chef":http://www.opscode.com/chef. It currently lets you search and install
cookbooks from http://cookbooks.opscode.com.  It does not yet implement the
full API, but that will be coming in future versions (as I need it). If you
need it to support the full API *right now*, please make it do so and send me a
pull request :-)

Spatula is really, really alpha. It does not handle errors at all, but it works
pretty well given that you hand it the correct input. Please give it a try and
pretty please fork it and make it better.

h1. Usage

Spatula currently supports 3 commands: search, show, and install.

<pre>
$ ruby spatula.rb search apache2
apache2 Installs and configures all aspects of apache2 using Debian style symlinks with helper definitions
... more output ...

$ ruby spatula.rb show apache2
name:   apache2
average_rating: 
category:       Web Servers
created_at:     2009-10-25T23:47:55Z
updated_at:     2009-10-25T23:47:55Z
maintainer:     jtimberman
latest_version: http://cookbooks.opscode.com/api/v1/cookbooks/apache2/versions/0_9_1
external_url:   
versions:       http://cookbooks.opscode.com/api/v1/cookbooks/apache2/versions/0_9_1
description:    Installs and configures all aspects of apache2 using Debian style symlinks with helper definitions

$ ruby spatula.rb install apache2
... downloads the apache2 cookbook and installs it into $(pwd)/cookbooks ...
... also creates a $(pwd)/cookbook_tarballs dir to store the download ...
</pre>

h1. About

h2. Official Repo

http://github.com/trotter/spatula

h2. Author

Trotter Cashion

